### Goal of the case study:

Work with data sets using Power BI Tool. Analyze data and answer the key business questions with the help of dashboards and report 
and derive insights. 

### Business Case:
We created analytical dash boards for below themes:
- Overview about various KPI’s
- Pricing & Promotion
- Search & Recommendations 

While building dashboards, we cleaned the data. Once we clean the data, we answered below questions:

a. What variables can be derived out of the data which can be helpful?
b. Who can use this dashboard?
c. What value would be generated by using this dashboard ?
d. What additional data can be helpful to add more insights & value to the team?

Final Deliverables:
a. Analytics Dashboard using Power BI Tool
b. Detailed document summarizing the insights 

### About Data:
The below data sets were provided by our client (one of leading eCommerce company). This data is about customer behavior which contains data of 
multiple user events. The duration of the data for two months.
1. Sales_Data_Ecommerce : The entire customer behavior data 
2. Promotion: This is promotion data set of special promotions for that day. One product will be promoted in first page of app/website. In addition to that 
there are many promotions running however the data is limited special promotion.

### Business Questions:

The below are few Sample business questions we addressed as part of this analysis. However, this is not exhaustive list, and we can add as many as analysis 
to the dashboards.
1. How is price varying by brand/category/time/channel?
2. Is traffic varied by day/time/channel?
3. Define & calculate high level metrics like (Revenue, potential revenue, products, categories etc…) by month, time, state, channel etc…
4. What is Activity by Brand or category, brad preference, Brand activity by various parameters etc...?
5. How is the search behavior like Brand Search by Category/Category search by Brand?
6. What is effect of Special Promotions?
7. How Pricing fluctuations effecting sales?
Etc


### Data Dictionary:
- “Sales_Data_Ecommerce “ Data Set:
- user_id: Unique id of customer
- event_date: Date of event
- Day_of_Week: Day of week of the event
- Channel: Which channel used (App/Browser)
- event_time: Time of event
- event_hour: Hour of event
- event_timezone: Time zone
- event_type: Type of event (view, cart, purchased)
- product_id: Unique id of product
- category_id: Unique id of category
- category: Category description
- sub_category1: Sub category description-level1
- sub_category2: Sub category description-level2
- brand: Brand name
- price: Price of product
- user_session: Unique id of user session
- State: State
- User_Score: Segmentation of custome

### Data Dictionary:
- “Promotions“ Data Set:
- Promotion Id: Promotion Type
- Date: Date of promotion
- Discount: Discount%
- ProductId: Unique id of product
